Edit user wallet content (#640)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/users/move-funds/set-up-your-wallet.mdx

image: /img/socialCards/set-up-your-wallet.jpg
---

Use a wallet such as MetaMask to manage your digital assets and interact with dapps on the Linea network.

:::info

Linea is designed to be completely compatible with Ethereum and works with 
MetaMask out of the box.

> [View the MetaMask support site](https://support.metamask.io/hc/en-us/articles/360015489531) if you're not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[View the MetaMask support site](https://support.metamask.io/getting-started/getting-started-with-metamask/) if you're not 
```

Just adding the updated link format.
